lboxRepAllPlayers|Adriana LEON|19|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Allysha CHAPMAN|2|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Ashley LAWRENCE|10|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Christine SINCLAIR|12|Forward|True
lboxRepAllPlayers|Deanne ROSE|6|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Desiree SCOTT|11|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Gabrielle CARLE|14|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Janine BECKIE|16|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Jayde RIVIERE|8|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Jenna HELLSTROM|23|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Jessie FLEMING|17|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Jordyn HUITEMA|9|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Julia GROSSO|7|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Kadeisha BUCHANAN|3|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Kailen SHERIDAN|18|Goalie|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Lindsay AGNEW|22|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Nichelle PRINCE|15|Forward|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Rebecca QUINN|5|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Sabrina D ANGELO|21|Goalie|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Shannon WOELLER|20|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Shelina ZADORSKY|4|Defender|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Sophie SCHMIDT|13|Midfield|False
lboxRepAllPlayers|Stephanie LABBE|1|Goalie|False
lboxRepFavorites|Ogenyi ONAZI|17|Midfield|False
lboxRepFavorites|Joelle MURRAY|17|Defender|False
lboxRepFavorites|Jane ROSS|13|Forward|False
lboxRepFavorites|Jenna HELLSTROM|23|Defender|False
lboxRepFavorites|Shelina ZADORSKY|4|Defender|False
